.TH CSEP 1 "July 3, 2024" "0.1.8" "Cosine Similarity Embeddings Print"
.SH NAME
csep \- Cosine Similarity Embeddings Print
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B csep
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIQUERY\fR] [\fICOMPARISON\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcsep\fR is a tool used to compute and print the Cosine Similarity between text embeddings. 
By default it prints in a format more suitable for Large Language Models but --vimgrep can 
be used for a more human readable format as well as for use in the vim quickfix window.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
\fIQUERY\fR
User search query.
.TP
\fICOMPARISON\fR
If provided, compares the \fBQUERY\fR to this string and returns the cosine similarity score.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\--floor\fR \fIFLOOR\fR
Similarity floor. Any result below this floating-point value will be filtered out from the results.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\--no-query\fR
If set, the query will not be printed out with the results.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\--list-models\fR
List the available embedding models.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\--vimgrep\fR
Print in vimgrep compatible mode.
.TP
\fB\-M\fR, \fB\--model\fR \fIMODEL\fR
Set the model.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\--client\fR \fICLIENT\fR
Set whether to use the ollama or fastembed client.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\--help\fR
Prints help information and exits.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\--version\fR
Prints version information and exits.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Divan Visagie (\fBme@divanv.com\fR).

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Compare two strings for similarity:
.B csep "first string" "second string"
.TP
Use a similarity floor of 0.5:
.B csep -f 0.5 "first string" "second string"
.TP
List the available embedding models:
.B csep --list-models
.TP
Print in vimgrep compatible mode:
.B csep --vimgrep
.TP
Set the model to "model_name":
.B csep --model model_name
.TP
Set the client to "ollama":
.B csep --client ollama
.TP
Do not print the query with the results:
.B csep -n "first string" "second string"

.SH SEE ALSO
For more information, visit the official repository or contact the author.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Written by Divan Visagie, 2024.
